update content for slipped ranking pages (#1444)
pulumi/docs: content/partner/azure.md

layout: azure
url: /azure

> meta_desc: Infrastructure as code on the Azure cloud with Pulumi for huge productivity gains and a unified programming model for Devs and DevOps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: Infrastructure as code on the Azure cloud with Pulumi for huge productivity gains and a unified programming model for developers and operators.
```
